
Introduction:
Good morning everyone, my name is Mai Tran and the art work Im gonna talk 
about today is Shono rain shower, which is painted by Ando 
Hiroshiege in 1834 and it is currently display at Dallas museum of art.
This is a landscape printing produced by the artist when he journey along 
the eastern sea route, it depict a sudden summer rainstorm, whih cause the 
traveller to rush for shelter and created a tension and stretching 
atmostphere. Therefore, it make me feel frightened of the dominant power of
nature throught the repetition of tree and diagonal created by rain sheets.

Body 1:
First let me talk about the repetition of tree
The printing makes me feel frightened of the nature through the rhythmic
repetition of trees, which help nature appear dominate and powerful while
human is struggling against it. AS you can see in the middle top of printing
: all trees are depicted with the similar size, shape, and color.Therefore
create a hint that nature clearly hold a dominate role in this situation:
they are outnumber human. Trees  are also all poiting in one diretion like they are dacing to the top right under 
the force of wind. In conclusion for my first mainpoint, with the use of 
repetition design principle, the artist has depict a picture with nature 
is a dominant role, therefore make viwer frightend of the power of its.  

Body 2:
Now I have talk about my first main point, let me move on to the second 
mainpoint: Diagonal lines create by rain sheets and river bank
The printing makes me feel frightened through uses of diagonal lines. which 
can be clearly seen throughout the printing. They are created by the intersect of:
  Actual lines created by rains and trees
  Actual lines created by riverbank and rain
Create a sense of movement, emphasize the power of violent storm,
therefore make me feel that nature is always changing, unpredictable and
dangerous.

Conclusion: 
Today, I have talked about the printing names Shono a sudden rain. I have talked
about my feeling toward this printing as well as giving a briefly description of 
repetition design and the use of diagonal lines. I hope your all enjoy my
presentation and have  a good day.
